Register to Vote in Texas | VoteTexas.gov
Skip to main content
Home >
Voter Registration
Quick Links
Voter Registration
Eligibility for
Registration
How to Register/Update your
Information
VR Certificate
Address Confidentiality
Texas Voter Registration Information
Registering to vote in Texas is easy! So long as you are eligible, you will be able to register to vote in
your county of residence to make your voice heard in local, state and federal elections.
Start a new voter registration
application here
.
Texas law requires eligible voters to register by the 30th day before Election Day.
The voter
registration deadline for the November 3, 2026 Uniform Election is October 5, 2026.
To confirm your voter registration status, you can visit the Texas Secretary of State’s
Am I Registered?’
portal, which allows you
to look up your voter registration record in the statewide voter registration database.
Voter registration in Texas is county-based, so we encourage you to
contact your county voter registrar
for specific questions regarding the status of your voter registration.
Texans who have recently changed their name or moved can easily update their voter registration online through Texas.gov.
Click
here to update your voter registration information online
.
Please note
: The United States Postal Service (USPS) has made adjustments to their transportation operations. As a result of those changes, some mailpieces will
not
be postmarked on the same day that the mailpiece is collected by a carrier or deposited at a Postal Service retail location.
This may affect postmark dates for voter registration updates submitted by mail.
Voters can ensure that a postmark is applied to their voter registration application, and that the date on the postmark matches the date of mailing, by visiting a USPS retail location and
requesting a manual (local) postmark at the retail counter
when presenting their voter registration application. Manual postmarks are provided free of charge.
We recommend that voters submit their voter registration application as soon as possible to ensure the postmark date is on or before the required deadline.
Follow Us On Social
