Register to Vote or Update your Information - Division of Elections - Florida Department of State
Toggle navigation
Corporations
Arts & Culture
Elections
Historical Resources
Library and Information Services
The Division of Elections facilitates coordination and interpretation of election laws and establishes uniform standards to ensure fair and accurate elections in Florida.
About Us
Candidates & Committees
Campaign Finance
Public Campaign Finance - Matching Funds Program
Candidates, Campaign Documents, and Committees
Offices Up for Election and Retention in 2026
Political Parties
Qualifying Information
Presidential Candidates, Presidential Electors, and Electoral College
Data & Statistics
Elections Data
Voter Registration Statistics
For Voters
Election Dates
Emergency and Disaster - Election Resources
Notices of General Election
Presidential Election Year
Presidential Electors/Electoral College
Special Elections
Voter Information Lookup
Voter Precinct Lookup
Vote-by-Mail Ballot Information and Status Lookup
Voter Registration
Voting
Forms & Publications
Forms
Publications/Reports
Laws & Rules
Advisory Opinions
Constitutional Amendments/Initiatives
Directives
Help America Vote Act (HAVA)
Law Resources
Rules
Voting Systems
About Voting Systems
Non-Voting System Technologies
Certified Voting Systems and Vendors
Certification/Approval Status and Test Schedule
Contacts
Contact the Division of Elections
Contact Your County Supervisor of Elections
Contact Your Elected Officials
Elections Fraud Complaint
Frequently Asked Questions
Government Links
Media Room
Para español, seleccione de la lista
Department of State
Division of Elections
For Voters
Voter Registration
Register to Vote or Update your Information
Register to Vote or Update your Information
Webpage last updated:
August 20, 2024
Who Can Register to Vote
You must be:
Be a Citizen of the United States of America
Only persons who are U.S. citizens by birth, naturalization, or law have the right to register or vote in Florida. Effective February 2025, if your legal status has changed to US citizen, you must notify the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles to update your records within 30 days. See s.
322.19
, Florida Statutes.
Be a Florida resident;
Be at least 18 years old (You may pre-register to vote if you are 16 years old);
Not have been adjudicated mentally incapacitated with respect to voting in Florida or any other state without having the right to vote restored;
Not have been convicted of a felony without your voting rights having been restored.
For information on felon voting rights, visit Division of Elections’ webpage -
https://dos.fl.gov/felon
How Can I Register to Vote?
You can apply to register to vote in any of the following ways:
Online at
RegisterToVoteFlorida.gov
Through any tax collector's office that issues Florida driver licenses or state identification cards.  You can also submit voter registration information when you renew your driver license or identification card through the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles' online renewal system. For more information, visit
GoRenew.com
.
Through any
designated voter registration agency
.
By mail or in person. The statewide voter registration application form (DS-DE 39) is available under
Forms
to prefill and print or download. Contact information for your county Supervisor of Elections can be found
here
.
Paper application forms may be found at any
county Supervisor of Elections
office, local library, or any entity authorized by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission to issue fishing, hunting, or trapping permits. If you are a military or overseas U.S. citizen, you may register to vote and request a vote-by-mail ballot at the same time by using one form, the
Federal Post Card Application (FPCA)
. Go to the web page on
Military and Overseas Voting
for further details.
It is a 3rd degree felony to submit false information. Maximum penalties are $5,000 and/or 5 years in prison.
How Do I Update My Voter Registration Record?
To update your voter registration record including a change in name, address or party, submit a change using any of the options available under “How Can I Register to Vote?”.
For any other questions, call or email your
county Supervisor of Elections
.
ATTENTION:
If you have been issued a new Florida driver license number or Florida ID card number by the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles since you registered, please contact your Supervisor of Elections to ensure that your voter record reflects the latest number.
Signature Update
Signatures change over time due to age, illness or other reasons.  The signature in your voter record is used to verify and/or compare your signature on a written request for a vote-by-mail ballot, a certificate for a vote-by-mail ballot or provisional ballot, a candidate petition, an issue petition, or any signed writing requesting a ballot or making another change. Please update your signature using a voter registration application (DS-DE 39) which can be found under
Forms
. See F.S.
98.077
.
Voter Information Cards
Your Supervisor of Elections’ office will mail you a voter information card when you register new or update your registration record and also when a polling place is changed. The card includes your party affiliation, assigned precinct and polling place, and your assigned district offices (local, state, and federal).
To request a replacement card, call or email your
county Supervisor of Elections
. Voter information cards are not issued at the state level.
Note:
The card
cannot
be used as a form of identification at the polls.
Voter Registration Deadlines
The deadline to register to vote for an upcoming election is 29 days before the election.
The deadline to submit a party change before a primary election is 29 days before that election.
For information on voter registration deadlines for upcoming elections, please visit our
Election Dates webpage
.
For Voters
Election Dates
Emergency and Disaster - Election Resources
Notices of General Election
Presidential Election Year
Presidential Electors/Electoral College
Special Elections
Voter Information Lookup
Voter Registration
Closed Primary Elections
Felon Voting Rights
Online Voter Registration
Third-Party Voter Registration Organizations (3PVRO)
Voter Information is Public Record
National Voter Registration Act (NVRA)
Register to Vote or Update your Information
Voting
Election Resources
Ron DeSantis, Governor
Cord Byrd, Secretary of State
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Site Map
Questions or comments?
Contact Us
Submit a public records request.
Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
Copyright
© 2026 State of Florida, Florida Department of State.
Florida Department of State
Phone: 850.245.6500
R.A. Gray Building
500 South Bronough Street
Tallahassee, Florida 32399-0250
>
