Early Voting and Secure Ballot Intake Stations - Division of Elections - Florida Department of State
Toggle navigation
Corporations
Arts & Culture
Elections
Historical Resources
Library and Information Services
The Division of Elections facilitates coordination and interpretation of election laws and establishes uniform standards to ensure fair and accurate elections in Florida.
About Us
Candidates & Committees
Campaign Finance
Public Campaign Finance - Matching Funds Program
Candidates, Campaign Documents, and Committees
Offices Up for Election and Retention in 2026
Political Parties
Qualifying Information
Presidential Candidates, Presidential Electors, and Electoral College
Data & Statistics
Elections Data
Voter Registration Statistics
For Voters
Election Dates
Emergency and Disaster - Election Resources
Notices of General Election
Presidential Election Year
Presidential Electors/Electoral College
Special Elections
Voter Information Lookup
Voter Precinct Lookup
Vote-by-Mail Ballot Information and Status Lookup
Voter Registration
Voting
Forms & Publications
Forms
Publications/Reports
Laws & Rules
Advisory Opinions
Constitutional Amendments/Initiatives
Directives
Help America Vote Act (HAVA)
Law Resources
Rules
Voting Systems
About Voting Systems
Non-Voting System Technologies
Certified Voting Systems and Vendors
Certification/Approval Status and Test Schedule
Contacts
Contact the Division of Elections
Contact Your County Supervisor of Elections
Contact Your Elected Officials
Elections Fraud Complaint
Frequently Asked Questions
Government Links
Media Room
Para español, seleccione de la lista
Department of State
Division of Elections
For Voters
Voting
Early Voting and Secure Ballot Intake Stations
Early Voting and Secure Ballot Intake Stations
Webpage last updated: August 11, 2026
Where are Early Voting Sites and Secure Ballot Intake Stations?
2026 Primary Election
Primary Election – PDF (zip)
2026 General Election General Election (Information will be available after October 4, 2026)
Information for special primary and special general elections can be found on our
Special Elections webpage
.
Information for local and municipal elections can be found by contacting your
county Supervisor of Elections
.
What is Early Voting?
Eligible and registered voters can cast a ballot prior to Election Day at any designated early voting site within their county of registration during early voting days and hours. The voter votes in the same manner as on Election Day. The ballot is deposited into the same voting equipment that is used on Election Day.
When is Early Voting?
Early voting must be provided in any election in which there is a state or federal office on the ballot. At a minimum, early voting must be offered starting on the 10
th
day before the election and ending on the 3
rd
day before the election. Supervisors of Elections may offer more days starting as early as the 15
th
day before the election and ending on the 2
nd
day before an election. Early voting must hours must be at least 8 hours a day but no more than 12 hours per day at each site during the applicable period.
For local only elections, Supervisor of Elections may provide early voting. See s.
101.657
, Florida Statutes.
What are Secure Ballot Intake Stations?
Secure ballot intake stations are placed at early voting sites, and other authorized areas to allow a voter
voting by mail
to return conveniently and securely their voted vote-by-mail ballots. The stations are available only at specified hours by law, are clearly marked for receipt of vote-by-mail ballots and are continuously monitored by an employee of the Supervisor of Elections’ office.  See below for details as to locations, dates, and times. See also s.
101.69
(2), Florida Statutes, for further details.
For Voters
Election Dates
Emergency and Disaster - Election Resources
Notices of General Election
Presidential Election Year
Presidential Electors/Electoral College
Special Elections
Voter Information Lookup
Voter Registration
Voting
Accessible Voting for Persons with Disabilities
Early Voting and Secure Ballot Intake Stations
Election Day Voting
Language Assistance for Voting
Military and Overseas Citizens Voting
Vote-by-Mail
Election Resources
Ron DeSantis, Governor
Cord Byrd, Secretary of State
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Site Map
Questions or comments?
Contact Us
Submit a public records request.
Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
Copyright
© 2026 State of Florida, Florida Department of State.
Florida Department of State
Phone: 850.245.6500
R.A. Gray Building
500 South Bronough Street
Tallahassee, Florida 32399-0250
>
