Election Dates - Division of Elections - Florida Department of State
Toggle navigation
Corporations
Arts & Culture
Elections
Historical Resources
Library and Information Services
The Division of Elections facilitates coordination and interpretation of election laws and establishes uniform standards to ensure fair and accurate elections in Florida.
About Us
Candidates & Committees
Campaign Finance
Public Campaign Finance - Matching Funds Program
Candidates, Campaign Documents, and Committees
Offices Up for Election and Retention in 2026
Political Parties
Qualifying Information
Presidential Candidates, Presidential Electors, and Electoral College
Data & Statistics
Elections Data
Voter Registration Statistics
For Voters
Election Dates
Emergency and Disaster - Election Resources
Notices of General Election
Presidential Election Year
Presidential Electors/Electoral College
Special Elections
Voter Information Lookup
Voter Precinct Lookup
Vote-by-Mail Ballot Information and Status Lookup
Voter Registration
Voting
Forms & Publications
Forms
Publications/Reports
Laws & Rules
Advisory Opinions
Constitutional Amendments/Initiatives
Directives
Help America Vote Act (HAVA)
Law Resources
Rules
Voting Systems
About Voting Systems
Non-Voting System Technologies
Certified Voting Systems and Vendors
Certification/Approval Status and Test Schedule
Contacts
Contact the Division of Elections
Contact Your County Supervisor of Elections
Contact Your Elected Officials
Elections Fraud Complaint
Frequently Asked Questions
Government Links
Media Room
Para español, seleccione de la lista
Department of State
Division of Elections
For Voters
Election Dates
Election Dates
Webpage last updated: August 22, 2025
Elections
A primary election is held 11 weeks before the general election. The primary election is for the purpose of nominating party nominees to be voted for in the general election to fill a national, state, county, or district office. A general election is held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November of every even-numbered year.
A governor is elected every four years in a general election. A president and vice-president are elected every four years, in a year which is a multiple of four. Visit
Presidential Election Year
for more information about the process for becoming a presidential candidate including the Presidential Preference Primary Election.
Special elections may be called at any time during the year.
Visit
Special Elections
for more information.
Local elections may also be held throughout the year. Check the
Local Elections Database
which contain dates as reported by the county for elections (county-specific, municipal, special district, or other local election) scheduled within one county. Contact your
county Supervisor of Elections
for the most up-to-date information.
Key Election Dates for 2026
The following are the key election dates for registration and voting for the 2026 election cycle.
V
isit
Publications
for the Elections Dates-Activities Calendar.
Primary Election 2026
Deadline to send vote-by-mail ballots to UOCAVA voters: July 4, 2026
Deadline to send vote-by-mail ballots to domestic voters: July 9 – 16, 2026
Deadline to register to vote or change party affiliation: July 20, 2026
Deadline to request that ballot be mailed: August 6, 2026
Early voting period (mandatory period): August 8 – 15, 2026
(Contact Supervisor of Elections for optional days of early voting)
Election Day:  August 18, 2026
General Election 2026
Deadline to send vote-by-mail ballots to UOCAVA voters: September 19, 2026
Deadline to send vote-by-mail ballots to domestic voters:  September 24 2026 – October 1, 2026
Deadline to register to vote:  October 5, 2026
Deadline to request that ballot be mailed: October 22, 2026
Early voting period (mandatory period):  October 24 – 31, 2026
(Contact Supervisor of Elections for optional days of early voting)
Election Day:  November 3, 2026
Key Election Results Reporting Timeline
Primary Election 2026
(updated 20250821)
General Election 2026
(updated 20250821)
Resources
Visit
Register to Vote or Update Your Information
for information on voter registration and deadline to register
Visit
Vote-by-Mail
and
Military and Overseas Citizens Voting
for information about deadlines to send a vote-by-mail ballot, to request a vote-by-mail ballot and to return vote by a mail ballot
Visit
Early Voting and Secure Ballot Intake Stations
for information about mandatory and optional days of early voting and drop off for voted vote-by-mail ballots
For Voters
Election Dates
Emergency and Disaster - Election Resources
Notices of General Election
Presidential Election Year
Presidential Electors/Electoral College
Special Elections
Voter Information Lookup
Voter Registration
Voting
Election Resources
Election Dates Resources
For candidate qualifying dates, please see the
Qualifying Information page
For special election dates, please see the
Special Elections page
Election Dates and Activities Calendar,
please visit the
Publications
webpage
Ron DeSantis, Governor
Cord Byrd, Secretary of State
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Site Map
Questions or comments?
Contact Us
Submit a public records request.
Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing.
Copyright
© 2026 State of Florida, Florida Department of State.
Florida Department of State
Phone: 850.245.6500
R.A. Gray Building
500 South Bronough Street
Tallahassee, Florida 32399-0250
>
