Find Your Polling Place in Texas | VoteTexas.gov
Skip to main content
Home >
What’s allowed at the polling place?
Quick Links
Voting in Texas
Where’s my Polling Place?
Voter ID
Voting Systems
Early Voting
Curbside Voting
Assistance at the Polls
What’s NOT allowed at the Polling Place
Emergency Ballots Due to Death in the Family
Presidential Ballots
Early Voting Locations
Voting during the early voting period couldn’t be easier and more convenient! Registered and eligible voters may vote at ANY early voting location located in their county of residence. Whether you are at home, work or out running errands, you will be able to find a polling place near you. Early voting locations will be populated in our search site
"My Voter Portal"
two days prior to the first day of early voting. Here, you can enter your
Name, County, Date of Birth and ZIP code
to look up your registration information and find your nearest polling location. You may want to contact the
Early Voting Clerk for State and County Elections
in your county for early voting locations. Also, many newspapers publish early voting polling locations.
Note: Polling place hours vary at each early voting location
.
Election Day Voting Locations
On Election Day, if your county participates in the
Countywide Polling Place Program (CWPP)
– commonly referred to as ‘Vote Centers’ – you can vote at any location in your county of residence. If your county does not participate in the CWPP, you can only vote at the voting precinct assigned to you. Your residence is located in a specific “precinct” or area within the county where you will vote on Election Day. In some cases, precincts may be combined to accommodate joint local elections. *You can find your voting precinct location by using our search site “
My Voter Portal
,” which will be populated with voting sites two days prior to Election Day. Many newspapers publish Election Day polling locations as well. Election Day voting hours are 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. at all polling places statewide. For questions regarding polling places, always consult your
County Elections Office
.
*Your voting precinct number (Pct. No.) is located next to your year of birth on your voter registration certificate.
Please see our FAQ page for more information.
What to Expect at the Polling Place
When you arrive at the polling place, you will be asked to present one of the seven (7) acceptable forms of photo identification, unless you are a voter with a permanent exemption on your voter registration certificate. If you do not possess
a form of acceptable photo identification
and you cannot reasonably obtain one, show a
supporting form of identification
to the election official and execute a Reasonable Impediment Declaration. The election official will ask if you have moved and then ask you to sign the list of people who have voted in the precinct.
Depending on the type of election – local, statewide, national, or combination – you will be handed:
A paper ballot on which you will select your choices and which will be counted by hand;
A paper ballot on which you will select your choices by darkening an oval, completing an arrow, or “marking” with the aid of a voting machine; or
A slip of paper with a numerical access code or, in some counties, a ballot activator card. In the next available voting booth, enter your code or card and let the on-screen instructions guide you through the process of electronic voting.
Follow Us On Social
