Indian River County Supervisor of Elections FL Skip to main content Language English Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Khmer Korean Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Nepali Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Swahili Swedish Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish Yoruba Zulu Search Active Registered Voters: Democrat: Republican: NPA: Other: Total: Contact Us Leslie Rossway Swan Supervisor of Elections 4375 43rd Avenue, Vero Beach, FL 32967 (772) 226-4700 (772) 770-5367 email link HOURS MON 8:30 am - 5:00 pm TUE 8:30 am - 5:00 pm WED 8:30 am - 5:00 pm THU 8:30 am - 5:00 pm FRI 8:30 am - 5:00 pm SAT CLOSED SUN CLOSED Legal Notice LEGAL NOTICE OF INDIAN RIVER COUNTY CANVASSING BOARD 2026 General Election - November 3, 2026 AVISO LEGAL DEL ESCRUTINIO DE IRC ELECCIONES GENERALES – 3 DE NOVIEMBRE DE 2026 AMENDED NOTICE OF GENERAL ELECTION / AVISO MODIFICADO DE ELECCIONES GENERALES 2026 General Election - November 3, 2026 Resource Allocation Report F.S. 100.032 Election preparation report; general election - Each supervisor of elections must post a report on his or her official website at least 3 months before a general election which outlines preparations for the upcoming general election. The report must include, at a minimum, the following elements; the anticipated staffing levels during the early voting period, on election day and after the election day; and the anticipated automatic tabulating equipment at each early voting site and polling place. A candidate, a political party official, a political committee official, or an authorized designee thereof, is allowed to observe the duplication of ballots and shall be granted reasonable access upon request to review or inspect ballot materials before canvassing or tabulation. *Complete and return request form available at www.VoteIndianRiver.gov . In accordance with the Sunshine Law of Florida, these meetings are open to the public. Any challenge of a vote-by-mail ballot must be made before the ballots are canvassed, F.S. 101.68(2)(a). It may become necessary for the Canvassing Board to reconvene at times or places other than specified above. If so, the location, date, and time will be announced at the conclusion of the previous meeting, posted online at www.VoteIndianRiver.gov, and posted on the door of the Supervisor of Elections Office and posted on the door of the City Hall. Note: Section 286.0105, Florida Statutes, states that if a person decides to appeal any decision by the board, agency, or commission with respect to any matter considered at a meeting or hearing, he or she will need a record of the proceedings, and that, for such purpose, he or she may need to ensure that verbatim record of the proceedings is made, which record includes the testimony and evidence upon which the appeal is to be based. In accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), if any person with a disability, as defined by the ADA, needs special accommodations to participate in these proceedings, then not later than two business days prior to the proceedings, he or she should contact the Supervisor of Elections Office at 772-226-4700. Notice Regarding Audits In keeping with Florida Statute, the Indian River County Supervisor of Elections Office intends to utilize the state certified Clear Audit system to conduct post-election audits. As specifically addressed in statute and rule, Indian River County Elections staff will scan ballots into the audit tabulation system periodically throughout the election in advance of conducting post-election audits. All scanning into the audit tabulation system will take place during publicly noticed and accessible sessions. The Legal Notice details all scheduled canvassing board meetings and ballot processing sessions. SHARE Share this page Close Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility