Privacy Policy and Terms – Walton County Supervisor of Election Skip to content Privacy Policy and Terms General The Walton County Supervisor of Elections website is for informational purposes only and is offered as a convenience for our customers. We make no warranty or guarantee regarding the accuracy or reliability of the content on this site. Walton County Supervisor of Election’s office shall not be liable for errors or for any damages in connection with the use of the information appearing on this or other referenced websites. By using the information, services and products available through this website, you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of use as set forth herein. Collection of Personal Information When you engage in activities on this site, you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity online. Instead, you will need to use a non-Web option for transacting that business with Walton County Supervisor of Elections. Protection of Your Personal Information Walton County Supervisor of Elections recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this site. Information may be saved for a designated period of time in order to comply with the State of Florida’s archiving policies. However, information will not be disclosed to third parties or other government agencies, unless required by state or federal law. Use of Cookies When you visit Walton County Supervisor of Elections’s website, you can surf the site anonymously and access information without revealing your identity. In order to improve our site, we may use “cookies” to assist your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It can function as your identification card, recording your passwords, purchases, and preferences. However, it cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. For some web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages. While certain Web pages use cookies to assist your visit to the Walton County Supervisor of Elections Website, and while our Web servers automatically log the IP address of your computer, this information does not identify you personally, and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided personal information to a specific Web page. User Accounts When registering to use a feature, it is solely your responsibility to keep your private account information, such as username and password, secure. You must not disclose your private account information to anyone except other authorized persons. You are entirely liable for all activities conducted through your account. You agree to immediately notify Walton County Supervisor of Elections of any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. Walton County Supervisor of Elections will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. Also remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window whenever you have finished your work. Security Data transmission over the Internet is not guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your personal information, Walton County Supervisor of Elections cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us or received from our online products or services. Once we receive a transmission, we make our best effort to ensure it is secure on our systems. Your Responsibilities You are responsible for all charges associated with connecting to the Internet. You agree that any telephone or other communications fees and charges incurred are your sole responsibility. Prohibited Uses As a user of Walton County Supervisor of Elections ’s website, you agree to use this service only for its lawful, intended purposes. Use of this service for transmission, distribution, retrieval, or storage of any information, data, or other material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is prohibited. You also agree not to use the service to: Provide false information or to impersonate someone else; Distribute computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system; Violate any applicable local, state, national or international law. System and Network Security Violations of system or network security of the service are prohibited, and may subject you to criminal and/or civil liability. Walton County Supervisor of Elections will investigate potential security violations, and may notify applicable law enforcement agencies if violations are suspected. You may not attempt to circumvent the authentication procedures or security of any host, network, network component, or account to access data, accounts, or systems that you are not expressly permitted to access. You may not interfere or attempt to interfere with service to any other user. Violation of Terms of Use In the event of any violation of the terms contained herein, Walton County Supervisor of Elections reserves the right to suspend or terminate, either temporarily or permanently, any or all services provided. Users who violate terms contained herein may additionally incur criminal and/or civil liability. Walton County Supervisor of Elections may refer violators to civil or criminal authorities for prosecution. Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold Walton County Supervisor of Elections and its subsidiaries, affiliates, telecommunications providers, service providers, officers, employees and agents harmless from any claim, liability, loss, expense or demand, including attorneys’ fees, related to a user’s violation of the terms and conditions or the use of the services and information provided at this Website. Limitation of Liability In no event will Walton County Supervisor of Elections, its suppliers, its service providers, or other third party affiliates be liable for any damages whatsoever including but not limited to: Direct, indirect, incidental punitive and consequential damages arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this service; Any Websites linked to the service, the materials or information contained at any or all such sites; Content anywhere on the internet, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory; Including without limitation those damages resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption; Aggregate liability of Walton County Supervisor of Elections or any of its suppliers, service providers, or third party affiliates. In no event shall Walton County Supervisor of Elections be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special and exemplary damages, or any damages whatsoever, arising from the use or performance of this Website or from any information, services or products provided through this Website, even if Walton County Supervisor of Elections has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If you are dissatisfied with this Website, or any portion thereof, your exclusive remedy shall be to stop using the website. Termination If a user’s conduct fails to conform to the letter or spirit of these terms and conditions or if Walton County Supervisor of Elections believes the user’s conduct may create liability for its affiliates, then that user’s service will be terminated. Walton County Supervisor of Elections reserves the right to restrict access of any user of this service and may at any time in its sole discretion with or without notice and with or without cause immediately deny access to the service and may remove all account information. Disclaimer of Warranties This service is provided by Walton County Supervisor of Elections on an “as is” basis. Neither Walton County Supervisor of Elections nor its partners, providers, or affiliates make any representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the service, its contents, or any information made available by or through the service. Walton County Supervisor of Elections disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or any infringement. Furthermore, Walton County Supervisor of Elections does not warrant that use of the service will not be interrupted.