Bell County, TX Quick Links Home Disclaimer bell icon notify me email icon email this page printer icon Print this page Disclaimer Terms of Use The purpose of this policy is to explain how Bell County handles information collected from you along with terms of use during your visit to the County web site. Bell County does not collect personally identifiable information (name, address, e-mail address, social security number, or other unique identifiers) on our web site unless we specifically advise you that we are doing so. Please Note: All information collected or maintained by Bell County is subject to the Texas Public Information act (chapter 552, Texas Government code) If you identify yourself by sending an E-mail When you send us personally identifying information, (e.g., in an electronic message containing a question or comment), or by filling out a form with this information, Bell County will use this information to respond to your request. We may also forward the information you submit (including your E-mail address) to other Government employees, who are better able to answer your questions. We want to make it clear that we will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, or as otherwise required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties. Security For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, Bell County employs industry-standard methods to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on Bell County’s infrastructure is strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. In the specific context of this security monitoring, there is no expectation of privacy. However, only in the case of actual law enforcement investigations, will we attempt to identify individual users or their usage habits. Links Disclaimer The documents posted on this Website may contain hypertext links or pointers to information created and maintained by other public and private organizations. These links and pointers are provided for visitors' convenience. Bell County does not control or guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, or completeness of any linked information. Cautionary Note: The Bell county terms of use policy only applies to this web site. When you follow a link to another site, even the sites of state agencies, and local governments, this policy will not apply . You should check the terms of use or privacy policy of each of these sites if you have concerns about how they handle personally identifiable information. The inclusion of links or pointers to Web sites is not intended to assign importance to those sites or the information contained therein, nor is it intended to endorse or recommend any views expressed, or products or services offered on these sites. Information Disclaimer The goal of this site is to provide resources of information for Bell County citizens and businesses. However, Bell County makes no warranty as to the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of the information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for results obtained from the use of the information. Distribution of the information does not constitute such a warranty. Use of the information is the sole responsibility of the user. County Seal It is a violation of the law to use the Bell County Seal in an unauthorized manner. It is strictly prohibited for anyone to use the Bell County Seal or any other official logo on the Bell County web site to imply an official endorsement, recommendation, partnership or other relationship with Bell County without the express written consent of Bell County.