Cass County, Texas Skip Navigation Quicklinks Contact Information, Records Requests, Forms & Policies CONTACT INFORMATION The contact information for the Cass County departments are listed below. The public is welcome to contact specific departments as the need would arise. OPEN RECORDS REQUESTS Texas Government Code, Chapter 552, gives you the right to access government records. All government information is presumed to be available to the public, however certain exceptions may apply to the disclosure of the information. The County Auditor's Office can provide financial reports on the County as requested by the public. For information specific to the department, please contact the office as noted above for their records. You may submit a completed Open Records Request form, as noted below, at your convenience to the County Auditor's Office for the financial documents desired; email addresses are noted on the County Auditor page. For further information regarding Public Information, please see the brochure from the Office of the Attorney General of Texas. Public Information Act Handbook 2024 OPEN RECORDS REQUEST FINANCIAL RECORDS Forms and Documents ▲ Public Information Act Handbook 2024 Open Records Request Form IRS W-9 Instructions IRS W-9 Form IRS W-4 Form Certificate of Liability Insurance ACORD 25 Certificate of Interested Parties Form 1295 Conflict of Interest Questionnaire Local Government Officer Conflicts Disclosure Statement CASS COUNTY POLICIES ▲ Financial Management Policy Cass County is responsible for safeguarding and prudently managing public funds, which includes planning for and providing adequate funding and resources to deliver the needed and desired county services to the community, To establish and document a policy framework for effective fiscal decision-making, planning, and management, Cass County will establish and maintain a comprehensive Financial Management Policy, Cass County Financial Management Policy Fraud, Waste, & Abuse The intent of Cass County is to establish and maintain a fair, ethical, and honest business environment for all county employees, customers, suppliers, citizens, and anyone else with whom the county has a relationship. Fraud not only involves loss of revenue but decreases morale and productivity. The misrepresentation of a material fact, knowingly or with reckless indifference to the truth, in order to obtain a benefit or payment to which one would normally not be entitled. Cass County Fraud Waste and Abuse Policy Purchasing Policies and Procedures Manual Cass County will establish uniform policies and procedures for the procurement of materials and services that are consistent with Texas Statutes, The County Purchasing Act, and State and Federal Grant Management provisions. Cass County Purchasing Policies and Procedures Manual Capitalization Fixed Asset Policy The following is the Cass County Capitalization Fixed Asset Policy and is made available for the public to review. Cass County Capitalization Fixed Asset Policy Investment Policy The following is the Cass County Investment Policy and is made available for the public to review. Cass County Investment Policy Anti-Harassment Policy The following is the Cass County Anti-Harassment Policy and is made available for the public to review. Cass County Anti-Harassment Policy Cash Handling Policy The following is the Cass County Cash Handling Policy and is made available for the public to review. Cass County Cash Handling Policy County Officials County officials have a wide range of duties and responsibilities. The following page from the Texas Association of Counties website has a listing of Local Public Servants and icons for each wherein the public may view each officials' functions and tasks assigned to each department. County Officials | Texas Counties Deliver | Presented by Texas Association of Counties County Information Map The following link provides quick access to all the Texas County websites. Map (county.org) Provided by the Texas Association of Counties Duties & Responsibilities of County Officials Copyright © {{YEAR}} {{COUNTY}} {{STATE}} powered by ezTask Titanium TM