Disclaimers | Fort Bend County Skip to main content Search Search RELEVANT SEARCHES: Redistricting Jail Inquiry Elections Parks pet adoption Close Menu toggle Highlighted Highlighted Disclaimer of Reliability and Liability This website has been established to serve only as a supplement to the official documents, information, and services available from the County’s governmental offices. While every effort has been made to offer the most accurate and current information available, the information included in this website has been compiled by County staff from a variety of sources and is subject to change without notice to the user. Information is provided on this website on an “as is” basis. Fort Bend County, its employees, officers and agencies make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding the completeness, accuracy, reliability, currency, or suitability of the information, products, services, or graphics contained herein. Users of this website are responsible for determining these characteristics in relation to official County documents and the user’s individual needs. The County’s web pages are not a public forum, and are not intended as an outlet for public speech or expression of individual opinion, irrespective of viewpoint or content, whether by posting or linking. Machine Translation Disclaimer This website has been translated for your convenience using a machine translation software powered by Google Translate , a free online translation service. Reasonable efforts have been made to provide an accurate translation, however, no automated translation is perfect nor is it intended to replace human translators. The official text is the English version of the website. Any discrepancies or differences created in the translation are not binding and have no legal effect for compliance or enforcement purposes. If any questions arise related to the accuracy of the information contained in the translated website, please refer to the English version of the website which is the official version. Traducción automática - Denegacion Este sitio web fue traducido para su conveniencia por un software de traducción automática desarrollado por Google Translate , un servicio gratis de traducción en pantalla. El servicio de Google hace esfuerzos para proporcionar una traducción precisa, sin embargo, ninguna traducción automática es perfecta y no fue criada para substituir traductores humanos. El texto oficial es la versión en Inglés de este sitio web. Qualquier discrepancia o diferencias criadas en la traducción no son ligadas y no tienen efectos legales para los propósitos de aplicación y conformidad. Si tienen alguna pregunta relacionada al precisión de la información contenida en este sitio web, por favor refierase a la versión en Inglés deste sïtio web, en qual es la versión official. Disclaimer of Damages The County reserves the right to make changes to this website at any time and without notice. Furthermore, the County specifically disclaims any and all liability for claims or damages that may result from the use of this website, the information it contains, or websites maintained by third-parties that are linked to or from this website. The County, its authorized agents, and/or its authorized contractors shall not be liable for any damages, such as punitive, indirect, direct, incidental, special, or consequential damages connected with the use or misuse of this website. This includes, without limitation, lost profits or revenues arising from the inability to use this website for whatever reason, delays in the information updating process, incomplete or inaccurate information, or other problems with documents, services, or software obtained through this website or a third-party hypertext link. Even if the County and/or any of its authorized agents, contractors, affiliates, or employees have been advised of the possibility of damages, they shall not be liable for any injury or loss caused in whole, or in part, by their actions, omissions, or contingencies beyond their control, including procuring, compiling, or delivering the information, or arising out of any inaccuracies or omissions in the information regardless of how caused, or arising out of any user’s decision, or action or inaction taken in reliance upon information furnished. Facebook Pages Several Fort Bend County entities maintain separate Facebook pages, and there may also be Facebook pages related to Fort Bend County that are not maintained or operated by any official governmental entity. County Facebook pages are designed to be informational but are not associated with the official website of Fort Bend County. The County’s standard disclaimer related to other external links and third party content also applies to Fort Bend County Facebook pages. External Links and Third Party Content Various hypertext links between this website and third-party websites (e.g., local or state agencies, websites of other organizations) are made available solely to provide enhanced customer service. A link to such websites does not constitute an endorsement of the content, viewpoint, accuracy, opinions, policies, products, services or accessibility of that website by Fort Bend County government. Once you link to another website from the Fort Bend County official website, you are subject to the terms and conditions of that website. Such links are made available solely to provide enhanced customer service. The County does not exert editorial control over third-party websites, public or private, and is not responsible for their content or representations. Any reliance the user places on such information is strictly at the user’s own risk. Copyright Limitations The County has made the content of its website available to the public. Anyone may view, copy or distribute information found within these web pages (not including the design or layout of the pages or any images thereon) for personal or informational use without owing an obligation to the County if the documents are not modified in any respect, and unless otherwise stated on the particular materials or information to which a restriction on free use applies. The County makes no warranty, however, that the materials contained within these pages are free from copyright claims, or other restrictions or limitations on free use or display. The County disclaims any liability for the improper or incorrect use of information obtained from its website. To obtain permission to reproduce the information (text or graphics) contained on the Fort Bend County website for any commercial purpose, submit the specifics of your request in writing to: Fort Bend County Information Technology Department ATTN: Webmaster 500 Liberty St. Richmond, TX 77469 Or email to: webmaster@fortbendcountytx.gov If permission is granted, the wording "provided with permission of Fort Bend County" and the date of approval must be noted, and we must be provided with a copy of the final product. Connect with us Stay informed County Calendar Download our Mobile App eNotifications Sign Up Contact us 281-342-3411 301 Jackson St Richmond , TX 77469 United States View on Google Maps