How to do Business / Gregg County Skip to main content Select Language Spanish Search this site Menu Purchasing How to do Business Departments Purchasing How to do Business Departments Department Overview Auditor Collections Office Community Supervision County Clerk District Attorney District Clerk Elections East Texas Regional Airport Health Department Historical Commission Gregg County Historical Markers Historical County Judges of Gregg County Historical Markers Map Commission Meeting Schedule Commission Agendas Commission Minutes Commission Annual Reports Historical Resources Survey Historical Marker Research Archives Human Resources Information Technology Juvenile Probation Purchasing Purchasing Home Staff Directory How to do Business Vendor Registration Auctions Conflict of Interest Purchasing Documents Purchase Order Terms and Conditions FAQs Department Awards Tax Assessor-Collector How to do Business with Gregg County Gregg County welcomes the opportunity to do business with interested vendors willing to supply quality goods and services at competitive prices, meet deadlines, and become part of a team dedicated to serving the citizens of Gregg County. We hope this summary will help you become familiar with the adopted policies and procedures for procurement. Step 1: Vendor Registration In order to begin to receive Gregg County bid notifications you must first get registered. The registration instructions are detailed below. Please note that registration and use of this system is provided at no charge to you. If you need any assistance with the vendor registration process please follow the link below to the Bonfire Vendor Support Center during business hours: https://vendorsupport.gobonfire.com/hc/en-us/articles/15646869029783-Vendor-Registration Get Registered as a vendor with Gregg County, Texas through Bonfire: Use the link below to begin the registration process. It can take up to 72 hours for your account to become active. You will receive an email from Bonfire Support letting you know that action is required to activate your account. Make sure you select as many Commodity Codes from the NIGP code set to ensure reach to several different types of solicitations. https://cogreggtx.bonfirehub.com/portal/?tab=login Once you have received your activation email from Bonfire Support you will follow the instructions to complete the registration process. Click on the link below to see the video on how to register as a vendor. How to Register as a Vendor Step 2: Buyer Meeting All vendors are encouraged to visit the Gregg County Purchasing Department after the vendor registration process is complete. Due to heavy workload/meetings please call the Purchasing Department at 903-237-2684 to schedule a meeting so we can make sure we are available. All new vendor meetings are restricted to 15 minutes. Vendors may bring materials or catalogs. Important information to bring with you: Brochures/information about your company Cooperative membership information TXMAS TIPS Omnia Partners Buyboard Tarrant County Coop. HGAC MWBE/HUB information Best to call and schedule an appointment if possible Competitive Purchasing Procedures All purchases exceeding $50,000 are required to be competitively bid. A notice of proposed purchase must be published at least 14 days before the date of bid opening. All County Formal Bid projects are advertised in the Longview News Journal, in the Classified Section under Legal Notices. The advertisement contains a short description of the products or services desired, the Bid/Proposal number, the time and date the bids are due and location where the bid documents may be downloaded or picked up. Bids/Proposals that are advertised in the newspaper may be viewed at the Gregg County Purchasing website after registering through Bonfire to become a Gregg County Vendor. It is the policy of Gregg County that all purchasing shall be conducted strictly in accordance with the Laws of the State of Texas and Policies/Procedures adopted by the Gregg County Purchasing Board and the Gregg County Commissioners Court. Quotations The purpose of this procedure is to provide guidance for the purchase of material, equipment, supplies, repairs, and services that are not required by law to be formally bid. The general practice of the county shall be to accept the best value quotation as specified and on equal product standards. From $1.00 to $2999.00 – If the County is purchasing property costing at least $1.00 but less than $3000.00 over a twelve (12) month period, within the current tax year, the county must solicit from approved vendors and purchase from that vendor. From $3000.00 to $10,000.00 – If the County is purchasing property costing at least $3001.00 but less than $10,000.00 over an aggregate twelve (12) month period, within current tax year, the county must solicit vendors by phone, to supply the particular item(s). In the procurement of these item(s), the county must document price quoted from at least three (3) vendors. From $10,000.00 to $49,999.00 – If the County is purchasing property costing at least $10,000.00 but less than $49,999.00 over an aggregate twelve (12) month period, within current tax year, the county must solicit vendors through written quotations, to supply the particular item(s). In the procurement of these item(s), the county must obtain written price quotations from at least three (3) vendors. *Helpful Tips for all Vendors Doing Business with Gregg County, Texas It is very important that all vendors understand that the County Purchasing Office is the only agency authorized to perform Purchasing on the County's behalf. Gregg County is not responsible for orders that are placed outside of the Purchasing Office. Vendors Should Always: Request and obtain a Purchase Order Number from the County prior to delivering any items or performing services. Reference the Purchase Order Number on the invoice. Obtain a legible signature, the name and telephone number from the individual receiving the goods or services on behalf of the ordering department. Vendors should NOT : Accept verbal orders placed by an employee outside the Purchasing Office. Accept orders without a Purchase Order Number. Modify orders unless the Purchasing Office has issued an amendment to the Purchase Order. Invoice for items that have not been delivered. Site Search Search This Site Protip: The site search can be opened with the / key and closed with the ESC key.