Disclaimer | Randall County, TX Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. Website Sign In Search Feature Links Disclaimer Disclaimer The information contained in the Randall County Government Website is provided as a public service to the citizens of Randall County and to the Internet community. Although Randall County encourages contributors to its Web pages to provide accurate and up-to-date information, Randall County cannot guarantee the accuracy of the website contents. Thus, the information should not be considered to be completely error-free or to include all relevant information; nor should it be used as an exclusive basis for decision-making. The user understands and accepts the risk of harm or loss to the user from use of this information. Thus, the use of the information is strictly voluntary and at the user's sole risk. Further, the contents of these home pages are subject to periodic change. Anyone desiring current information and data should contact the appropriate persons maintaining the information. Information placed on the Randall County Government Website is not intended to replace any official source. Although every attempt is made to ensure that the information is accurate and timely, the information is presented "as is" and without warranties, either express or implied, including warranties regarding the content of legislative information. Randall County disclaims all express warranties included in any materials, and further disclaims all implied warranties, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for particular purposes, and non-infringement of proprietary rights. No information contained within the Randall County Government Website should be mistaken for legal advice, nor should anyone make legally binding decisions based on this information. There are other resources linked from these pages that are maintained by independent providers. Randall County cannot monitor all linked resources at all times. Therefore, certain statements, views and opinions that may be made by independent provider's materials are strictly those of the authors. These views may not necessarily represent the opinions or policies of Randall County, nor it agents, officers, directors, or employees. Users may view and use the contents of the Randall County Website only for lawful purposes. All other uses are prohibited. If you find or believe that information obtained from this site is inaccurate, illegible, or out-of-date, or you encounter technical or other problems when using or accessing this site, please notify us . Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow