Disclaimers | Travis County, Texas Skip to main content Feedback Disclaimers Expired Disclaimer of Reliability and Liability This website has been established to serve only as a supplement to the official documents, information, and services available from the County's governmental offices. While every effort has been made to offer the most accurate and current information available, the information included in this website has been compiled by County staff from a variety of sources and is subject to change without notice to the user. Information is provided on this website on an "as is" basis. The County makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding the completeness, accuracy, reliability, currency, or suitability of the information, products, services, or graphics contained herein. Users of this website are responsible for determining these characteristics in relation to official County documents and the user's individual needs. Machine Translation Disclaimer This website has been translated for your convenience using a machine translation software powered by Online Translation Engine. Reasonable efforts have been made to provide an accurate translation, however, no automated translation is perfect nor is it intended to replace human translators. The official text is the English version of the website. Any discrepancies or differences created in the translation are not binding and have no legal effect for compliance or enforcement purposes. If any questions arise related to the accuracy of the information contained in the translated website, please refer to the English version of the website which is the official version. Disclaimer of Damages The County, specifically disclaims any and all liability for claims or damages that may result from the use of this website, the information it contains, or websites maintained by third-parties that are linked to or from this website. The County, its authorized agents, and/or its authorized contractors shall not be liable for any damages, such as punitive, indirect, direct, incidental, special, or consequential damages connected with the use or misuse of this website. This includes, without limitation, lost profits or revenues arising from the inability to use this website for whatever reason, delays in the information updating process, incomplete or inaccurate information, or other problems with documents, services, or software obtained through this website or a third-party hypertext link. Even if the County and/or any of its authorized agents, contractors, affiliates, or employees have been advised of the possibility of damages, they shall not be liable for any injury or loss caused in whole, or in part, by their actions, omissions, or contingencies beyond their control, including procuring, compiling, or delivering the information, or arising out of any inaccuracies or omissions in the information regardless of how caused, or arising out of any user's decision, or action or inaction taken in reliance upon information furnished. Social Media Accounts The Travis County Information Technology Services Department maintains an Official Travis County Facebook page and an Official Travis County Twitter page designed to inform the public and specifically the residents and business owners of what is happening in Travis County. Other county entities may maintain separate Social Media Accounts and there may also be accounts related to Travis County that are not maintained or operated by any official governmental entity. County Social Media accounts are designed to be informational but are not associated with the Official Website of Travis County. Our standard disclaimer related to other external links and third party content also applies to Travis County Facebook pages. Social Media Guidelines We welcome you and your comments to Travis County Facebook or to our Twitter page . The purpose of this site is to inform the public, specifically the residents and business owners, of what is happening in Travis County. We encourage you to submit your comments but please note that this is not a way to contact us regarding any concerns with Travis County. This is a simple moderated discussion. We recognize that the web is a 24/7 medium, and your comments are welcome at any time. However, given the need to manage our staff resources (your tax dollars), we will generally only monitor comments and postings during regular business hours. Once posted, Travis County reserves the right to delete submissions that do not follow these guidelines: No graphic, obscene, explicit, or racial comments or submissions are allowed. Nor do we allow comments that are abusive, hateful, or intended to defame anyone or any organization. This includes comments or content that promotes, fosters, or perpetuates discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, age, religion, gender, marital status, genetics, status with regard to public assistance, national origin, physical or intellectual disability, or sexual orientation. No solicitations or advertisements. This includes promotion or endorsement of any financial, commercial, or non-governmental agency. Similarly, we do not allow attempts to defame or defraud any financial, commercial, or non-governmental agency Spam, links to other sites, information that is clearly off topic, and/or apparent spamming or trolling will be removed and may cause the author(s) to be blocked from the page without notice. No comments, photos, or videos that suggest or encourage illegal activity or promotion of particular services, products, or political organizations. No copyrighted or trademarked images, graphics, or documents. Imagery posted on the Facebook wall will be subject to Facebook, Inc. regulations. No Information that may compromise the safety, security, or proceedings of public systems and any criminal or civil investigations. You participate at your own risk, taking personal responsibility for your comments, your username, and any information provided. Please note that the comments expressed on this site do not reflect the opinions and/or position of Travis County Government or its officers and employees. External Links and Third Party Content Finally, the inclusion of hypertext links between this website and third-party websites does not imply that Travis County Government recommends or endorses the views expressed within those links. Such links are made available to users solely to provide enhanced customer service from Travis County Government. The County does not exert editorial control over third-party websites, public or private, and is not responsible for their content, opinions, or representations. Any reliance the user places on such information is strictly at the user's own risk. Travis County does not endorse any of the products, vendors or consultants and any mention of vendors' products, or services if for informational purposes only. Copyright Limitations The County has made the content of certain pages of its website available to the public. Anyone may view, copy or distribute information found within these web pages (not including the design or layout of the pages or any images thereon) for personal or informational use without owing an obligation to the County if the documents are not modified in any respect, and unless otherwise stated on the particular materials or information to which a restriction on free use applies. The County makes no warranty, however, that the materials contained within these pages are free from copyright claims, or other restrictions or limitations on free use or display. The County disclaims any liability for the improper or incorrect use of information obtained from its website. Email Privacy Policy In compliance with Chapter 552 section 137 of the Texas Government Code (Public Information), an email address you provide to this web site for the purpose of communicating with a governmental body is confidential and may not be disclosed without your permission, except to another governmental body or federal agency. This does not apply to you if you have a contractual relationship with the county, you are a vendor who seeks to contract with the county, or your email address is provided in response to bids or requests for proposals. (Please note that including your email address in your letterhead or other paper documents submitted to the county may result in its disclosure if that document is a matter of public record.) Web Content Accessibility Travis County is committed to making its website usable by all people, including those with disabilities, by meeting or exceeding the requirements of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 Level A/AA (WCAG 2.1 A/AA). Efforts to update the website are ongoing as we work to implement the relevant improvements to meet WCAG guidelines over time. Visit our Accessibility Statement for more information.